
lesson 2 reflection...

we've opened with creating a new git repository with the command git init then we checked the status of the repository with the command git status

Q: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

a hidden .git file (the git metadata file) is added to the directory and and you can togther with git begin to sort of monitoring the evolution of the repository

Q: How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

the staging area gives you as a programer more flexability in setting the project commits in a more logical formation, ie the staging area can help you diffrencite and bundle reletad commits.

Q: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

you can comepre the staging area to the working directory with the command diff --staged
you can also comepre the the staging area to the most resent commit with the git diff command that alows you to keep track on the changes you made to your codemor easily

 Q: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

 Branches is very useful in trying new modes or making a couple of versions and chacking out the best trying new fetures and stuff branchs makes it easy

 Q: How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

 diagrams makes it easier to follow along with the evolution of your project helpful to know when to commit merge or checkout

 Q: What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

 the result of merging two branches together is that the marge commit will contain both commit trees but will lose all the sperate branches, the new log will contain all the commits from both branches organized according to the date & time the commits were made

 Q: What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

 automatic merge pros, easier.
 automatic merge cons, can result in very difficult to trace bugs .

 menual merge pro, cleaner, flexible, makes it easier to spot bugs in the code 
 menual merge cons difficult , takes more time
